Tournament to put it bluntly
It is the equity competition organized by Dongying
Will gather martial arts experts from all over the world
These people are not ordinary people
They were mean.
One after another.
It's hard to defend against.
that
What you need to do now is to learn boxing again
I didn't expect to be on this path now
Wu Shao
We're not like those people.
We never use martial arts for profit or harm
We do it all.
It's all about getting those victims a job
Road
What you faced before
They're all competitors of the same size
But in the underground competition
You have to face your opponent several times the size
If you are strong
But must be sharp
Four seasons move
Today's prosperity
It's time.
Just tomorrow
Sister Kobayashi can finally avenge you